Characters
    Ocean       RED MAGE
                Protagonist of the story, Osh is a skilled red mage that 
                has been travelling since he remembers. Once found by the
                bananaknight Salamagan in a boat, he raised and trained him
                and whatnot. Revealed later as son of LBR all along and thus 
                Prince of Gammak.
    Salamagan   BANANAKNIGHT
                Ocean's tutor. Apparently once was one of Lord Bluerouge's
                best warriors, but then left. He later on finds Ocean, who he 
                believes might be LBR's heir, but is not sure.
    Fis         FISH
                A wandering fish, appears to be fine on land. 
    Pudding     DOG
                Blue dog that you find in his house.
    Vaccaria    MERCHANT
                Mysterious salesman.
    Reim        INVESTIGATOR
                Pigman in search for clues. Of things.
    Sidewinder  FORKLIFT CERTIFIED
                Indeed, snakes can drive forklifts too.
    Delsin      SECRETARY
                Is she Lisa from Macross?
    Awe         DUDE
                A cool guy.
    Ellie       WRITER
                Programmer by night, writer by day. Or maybe both at the 
                same time. 
    OldPat      ITALIAN SORCERER
                One of LBR's henchmen. Little is known about him since he's
                usually not around.
    LBR         LOBSTER
                The once good Lord of Gammak, Bluerouge, now self-proclaimed 
                The Evol Lord Bluerouge (at start), later joins. Wants to 
                acquire the Tekken Stone because it's so cool. He is actually 
                under mind control of OldPat, because of reasons.
    Ozzy        STUDENT
                Right hand of LBR, however he was behind the plot all along.
                It is then revealed that both Ozzy and OldPat were the main 
                antagonists all along, because they wanted the Tekken Stone,
                to open a portal to Aremin, and conquer it.

EPISODE 0:
The game starts with Ocean and Salamagan sparring. Then suddenly a group of 
uh enemies attack them! gasp!

FIGHT: n Moles
    Mostly an introductory battle.

Ocean and Salamagan disregard the issue as just a rare occasion of local fauna
being feisty. But in the shadows a figure can be seen. Ocean catches a glimpse 
of it, but decides to leave it to himself as he was unsure of what he saw.

EPISODE 1:
Ocean and Salamagan go back town, and talk to the elder whatever.
The town is being attacked by uhh bandits!

FIGHT: Bandits or something.

Beat those bastards and move on. Town is destroyed everybody died. You find a 
fish in a pot, and it starts following you because heck why not I guess.
A nearby dog smells the not-so-cooked fish and chases it. And so you got a 
fourth member. Also both can talk.

EPISODE 2:
You decide to leave town and look for a new place to live, you're in a route
and you find a merchant, being attacked by some other dudes. You don't feel 
very happy about bandits at the moment, Salamagan wants to vent, and Osh thinks
maybe it's right to help the merchant too. Fis and Pudd enjoy the violencia 
eating popcorn.

FIGHT: More bandits.

You helped Vaccaria, the merchant. He decides to follow you at least until 
next town since it sounds better to be in a group than alone.